README.md, before:

# VSCode Time Keeper

This is a Visual Studio Code extension that allows you to track your time across projects and generate weekly timesheet reports.

## Features

1. Start tracking time for a project
![Start Task](demo-images/TimeKeeper-start-task.gif)

2. Stop tracking time for a project
![Stop Task](demo-images/TimeKeeper-stop-task.gif)

3. Manually edit a daily time log
![Edit Time Log](demo-images/TimeKeeper-edit-log.gif)

4. Generate a weekly report
![Generate Weekly Report](demo-images/TimeKeeper-report.png)

## Requirements

You should have a system application for viewing CSV files.  The link for the report will just open the CSV on your system.

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `TimeKeeper.ProjectTasks`: A dictionary containing a project name as a key and a comma separated list of possible tasks as a value.  Keys should be numbered, with the most used ones on top, since they will appear in alphabetical order and default to the first one.
* `TimeKeeper.TimeInterval`: The granularity to use for times.  All times entered will round to the nearest interval.
* `TimeKeeper.AddNotes`: When enabled, there is an additional text prompt when starting a task that adds notes.
Notes are not used when compiling the reports, but are there in the raw files for reference.

## Release Notes

### 1.0.0

Initial release of VSCode Time Keeper

* Contains commands to start/stop tasks
* Contains a command to generate a weekly report (timesheet).
* Contains options to define projects/tasks, custom note support, and the ability to change the granularity of times to allow.

### 1.0.1

Add `Edit Time Log` function to open a daily time log for manual editing.

### 1.0.2

Add tests and minor defect fixes.

### 1.0.3

Start/stop usability enhancements
  - Use more subtle status bar messaging.
      - No link to open file, because there's a task for it.
  - No link to open CSV, just opens externally automatically.
  - Always add 24:00 as an option on time pickers.
  - Show previous line in title when starting a task.

## 1.0.4

- Create sidebar for navigating time logs and starting tasks.
    - Add svelte, rollup, etc.
    - Create sidebar provider and components.
- Minor updates to dates (were incorrectly using UTC when reformatted from strings).
- Minor updates to task timer.
    - Always use projects/tasks (not suggestions).
    - Fix time interval issue causing -15 minutes.
    - Allow date to be passed into all functions (allows date to be specified by sidebar).
---

## 1.0.5

- Sidebar enhancements.
   - Use action buttons and compressed UI to fit more tasks.
   - Include project totals view.
   - Track state better, and use for everything.
- Generate report changes.
   - Fix defect with day 1/day 7, when done on Sunday.
   - Include new section in report for project totals.

## 1.0.6

- More sidebar enhancements (improve project summaries).
    - Refactor sidebars to accept a more complex state object.
    - Refactor calculations/parsing for values to only occur in report-info (no more duplicate parsing/calculations).
    - Use full state to include weekly totals and grand totals in summary section.

## 1.0.7

- Fix project summary sorting.
    - Was sorting by totals, descending, which looked strange.
    - Sort by project name instead.

## 1.0.8

- Add notes suggestions for tasks, based on previous notes for current day.
    - Should save copy/pasting for tasks that are repeated throughout the day.

## 1.0.9

- Refactor logic for existing notes.
    - Add notes to ReportInfo data, and use array for the week instead of just the day.
    - Remove additional method written for gathering this info for the current day.

## Contributing

Please feel free to fork this project and submit pull requests to the repository.

### Install with npm

```bash
npm install
```

### Build your feature/bug fix

Build your feature.  All commands are defined in package.json and registered extensions.ts.

### Submit a pull request

Submit a request to master on the main project, and I'll take a look at it.

Commit message:

## 1.0.10 - Refactor time logic     - Remove all "yesterday" logic from stop time, since we can select dates now.     - Do not use current time for stop time, ever.  Just start with the start time.     - Exclude the start time when doing the stop time.         - So if start is 09:30, the top option for end will be 09:45.     - When editing days that are not today, don't have the current time as the first option for start.

README.md, after:

# VSCode Time Keeper

This is a Visual Studio Code extension that allows you to track your time across projects and generate weekly timesheet reports.

## Features

1. Start tracking time for a project
![Start Task](demo-images/TimeKeeper-start-task.gif)

2. Stop tracking time for a project
![Stop Task](demo-images/TimeKeeper-stop-task.gif)

3. Manually edit a daily time log
![Edit Time Log](demo-images/TimeKeeper-edit-log.gif)

4. Generate a weekly report
![Generate Weekly Report](demo-images/TimeKeeper-report.png)

## Requirements

You should have a system application for viewing CSV files.  The link for the report will just open the CSV on your system.

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `TimeKeeper.ProjectTasks`: A dictionary containing a project name as a key and a comma separated list of possible tasks as a value.  Keys should be numbered, with the most used ones on top, since they will appear in alphabetical order and default to the first one.
* `TimeKeeper.TimeInterval`: The granularity to use for times.  All times entered will round to the nearest interval.
* `TimeKeeper.AddNotes`: When enabled, there is an additional text prompt when starting a task that adds notes.
Notes are not used when compiling the reports, but are there in the raw files for reference.

## Release Notes

### 1.0.0

Initial release of VSCode Time Keeper

* Contains commands to start/stop tasks
* Contains a command to generate a weekly report (timesheet).
* Contains options to define projects/tasks, custom note support, and the ability to change the granularity of times to allow.

### 1.0.1

Add `Edit Time Log` function to open a daily time log for manual editing.

### 1.0.2

Add tests and minor defect fixes.

### 1.0.3

Start/stop usability enhancements
  - Use more subtle status bar messaging.
      - No link to open file, because there's a task for it.
  - No link to open CSV, just opens externally automatically.
  - Always add 24:00 as an option on time pickers.
  - Show previous line in title when starting a task.

## 1.0.4

- Create sidebar for navigating time logs and starting tasks.
    - Add svelte, rollup, etc.
    - Create sidebar provider and components.
- Minor updates to dates (were incorrectly using UTC when reformatted from strings).
- Minor updates to task timer.
    - Always use projects/tasks (not suggestions).
    - Fix time interval issue causing -15 minutes.
    - Allow date to be passed into all functions (allows date to be specified by sidebar).
---

## 1.0.5

- Sidebar enhancements.
   - Use action buttons and compressed UI to fit more tasks.
   - Include project totals view.
   - Track state better, and use for everything.
- Generate report changes.
   - Fix defect with day 1/day 7, when done on Sunday.
   - Include new section in report for project totals.

## 1.0.6

- More sidebar enhancements (improve project summaries).
    - Refactor sidebars to accept a more complex state object.
    - Refactor calculations/parsing for values to only occur in report-info (no more duplicate parsing/calculations).
    - Use full state to include weekly totals and grand totals in summary section.

## 1.0.7

- Fix project summary sorting.
    - Was sorting by totals, descending, which looked strange.
    - Sort by project name instead.

## 1.0.8

- Add notes suggestions for tasks, based on previous notes for current day.
    - Should save copy/pasting for tasks that are repeated throughout the day.

## 1.0.9

- Refactor logic for existing notes.
    - Add notes to ReportInfo data, and use array for the week instead of just the day.
    - Remove additional method written for gathering this info for the current day.

## 1.0.10

- Refactor time logic
    - Remove all "yesterday" logic from stop time, since we can select dates now.
    - Do not use current time for stop time, ever.  Just start with the start time.
    - Exclude the start time when doing the stop time.
        - So if start is 09:30, the top option for end will be 09:45.
    - When editing days that are not today, don't have the current time as the first option for start.

## Contributing

Please feel free to fork this project and submit pull requests to the repository.

### Install with npm

```bash
npm install
```

### Build your feature/bug fix

Build your feature.  All commands are defined in package.json and registered extensions.ts.

### Submit a pull request

Submit a request to master on the main project, and I'll take a look at it.
